[Doc] Suggested additions to buildpack ref docs (#2575)
magento/pwa-studio: pwa-devdocs/src/pwa-buildpack/reference/environment-variables/index.md

---
title: Environment variable definitions
---

Environment variable definitions are used for validation and documentation of the [configuration management system](/pwa-buildpack/configuration-management/) of PWA Studio.

> Build scripts normally use the [values set in the current environment](/pwa-buildpack/reference/buildpack-cli/load-env/#loadenvironmentdirorenv-logge), but it's sometimes necessary to use the definitions themselves, such as when an extension defines its own global config variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build scripts normally use the [values set in the current environment]({%link pwa-buildpack/reference/buildpack-cli/load-env/index.md %}#loadenvironmentdirorenv-logge), but it's sometimes necessary to use the definitions themselves, such as when an extension defines its own global config variables.
```

Jekyll style link 🙄

> There are two ways to access the environment variable definitions object. Third-party code should use the builtin target [`envVarDefinitions`](http://localhost:3000/pwa-buildpack/reference/buildbus/targets/#module_BuiltinTargets.envVarDefinitions) when adding definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to access the environment variable definitions object. Third-party code should use the builtin target [`envVarDefinitions`]({%link pwa-buildpack/reference/buildbus/targets/index.md %}#module_BuiltinTargets.envVarDefinitions) when adding definitions.
```
